samples: stepper: add tmc50xx sample (#85474)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/drivers/stepper/tmc50xx/README.rst

.. zephyr:code-sample:: tmc50xx
   :name: TMC50XX Dual controller/driver for up to two 2-phase bipolar stepper motors.
          StealthChop™ no-noise stepper operation.
          Integrated motion controller with SPI interface
   :relevant-api: stepper_interface

Description
***********

> This sample application periodically spins the stepper CW and CCW depending on the
> :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PING_PONG_N_REV` configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample application periodically spins the stepper clockwise and counterclockwise depending on
the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PING_PONG_N_REV` configuration.
```

References
**********

 - TMC5041: https://www.analog.com/media/en/technical-documentation/data-sheets/TMC5041_datasheet_rev1.16.pdf
 - TMC5072: https://www.analog.com/media/en/technical-documentation/data-sheets/TMC5072_datasheet_rev1.26.pdf

Wiring
*******

> This sample uses the TMC5072 BOB controlled using the spi interface.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample uses the TMC5072 BOB controlled using the SPI interface. The board's Devicetree must
define a `stepper` alias for the stepper motor node.
```
